Page 1

Office Legal Section
Kanpur Development Authority, Kanpur |
File No. / Letter No. : D/100/Law Department/2020-21
Shri Sarvesh Sharma, (Advocate)
Hon'ble State Consumer Court
Commission, Uttar Pradesh, Lucknow.

Please, in accordance with the order dated 30.06.2020 of the Additional Secretary in the Hon'ble Court of the State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission, Uttar Pradesh, Lucknow, Appeal No. 2157/2008 (Complaint No. 337/2003), Kanpur Development Authority, 
versus Munnalal & Others.
You have been nominated as an advocate, whose Vakalatanma is being attached and sent with this letter. The above case relates to Building No. Block D 225 LIG First Ward 8, Kanpur Nagar. The next date for hearing in this case is 16.12.2020.

Therefore, you are requested to effectively plead the above appeal and get it resolved in the interest of the Authority and kindly obtain a copy of the appeal from the Hon'ble Court and make it available to the Law Department as soon as possible.
Attached Enclosure:- Vakalatnama.

Law Officer

Copy To - Joint Secretary (World Bank) for necessary action and information.


Page 2


(Oral/ Verbal)
State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission, Uttar Pradesh, Lucknow
Appeal No. 2157/2008

Kanpur Development Authority Vs. Sri Munna Lal Dhobi & others
Date: 26.11.2024

Announced by Honorable Shri Sushil Kumar, Member


Judgement / Order / Decision

In appeal against the decision/order dated 30.06.2008 passed by the learned District Commissioner, Kanpur Nagar in Complaint No. 337/2003, Munnalal Dhobi and others vs. Kanpur Development Authority, the appellant
Heard Mr. Piyush Mani Tripathi, learned counsel for the plaintiff and Mr. Umesh Kumar Srivastava, learned counsel for the respondent. The impugned decision/ order, and file were perused. The District Consumer Commission has passed an order to register the allotted houses in favour of the complainants within 30 days as per the amount paid at the time of allotment.

An order has been passed to register the allotted buildings in favour of the company at the amount payable at the time of allotment. Alternatively, it has been directed that in case of non-compliance of the order, simple interest at the rate of 18 percent should be paid on the deposited amount.

The learned counsel appearing for the Authority accepts the fact that seven houses were allotted in favour of all the complainants.
During the arguments, the learned counsel for the respondents argued that this order
In compliance with this order, a sale deed has been executed in favour of 06 complainants.
Copies of the sale deed have also been made available for perusal.

Therefore, since the sale deed has been executed in favour of the 6 complainants.
This sale deed has been executed after receiving the balance amount. Therefore, it is appropriate to dispose of this appeal in such a manner that the sale deeds were executed in favour of the six allottees after depositing the amount on the terms and at the rates mentioned above.

The sale deed should be executed by collecting money from the remaining allottees at the same rate.

Therefore, the appeal is disposed of as above.
If any amount has been deposited by the appellant in the appeal, the said amount, along with accrued interest, should be returned to the District Consumer Commission as soon as possible for disposal in accordance with law.
The Stenographer is expected to upload this decision and order on the Commission's website as soon as possible as per rules.


(Sudha Upadhyay) No.. of the Application 507 (Sushil Kumar))
Dete of raceiptof Application Member Name of the
date
7109/25 members
bhi parishma shivani no
